# HELLO WORLD!

Welcome to Simplimism
Begin your journey to literary prowess and great writing skills

Menu
Homepage
Services
Books
Publications
About Us
Contact Us
Our Mission
Amazon kindle is a major publishing hub used by world’s writer to put out beautiful content into the world and make that notable change. Sadly amazon is a stereotype, focused mainly on the European Union and the Americans, with large numbers of book sales and promotions, also added to it is the difficulty faced in the registration of various account to the kindle hub. Simplimism hope to be the face of African publishing hub, and a major hub for African Writers. The mission is to help young upcoming African writers actualize their goal. For starters, promotion and publications would be free with prices of book extremely low. Upon upliftment of the brand, Simplimism would grow into an African literary hub and subsequently a global literary hub.

blog-post-3

Poetry from Simplimism
In the words of William Wordsworth; poetry is the sponteneous overflow of powerful emotions recollected in tranquility. poetry is passionate writing meant to quake the heart.
A Cry of Passion
Blood that Makes
service-details-4

Title : A Cry Of Passion
To my coy mistress,
April 15, 1999,
Dear Mistress.
                       Don't ask me what I want to say
                       My breath grows thinner
                       These frail heart of mine grows stronger
                       My body quakes and my eyes bear it's result
                       With trembling lips like a Japanese earthquake
                       My feet might be the measure of my heart
                       Dead, gone and buried
                       So don't ask me what I want to say
                       Cause, even from my trembling lips
                       I still mutter these words
                       Like gunning pistol, hoping to win you back
                       Like an heart attack I'm hopeless
                       And like the reality we have, it's all a fantasy
                       One filled with so much facade
                       It leaves my heart to wonder
                       And yet in the light of ponder, yonder away
                       Trailed by these old same word
                       Words of life and passion
                       Words that I will never say
                       For these heart is six feet with no resurrection
                       Dead, gone and buried
                       So don't ask me what I want to say
                       Cause my words died with a broken heart.
                       From a broken heart 

                                                                                June 26, 1998
                                                                                Ebire M. Folayemi 
blog-post-1

TITLE: BLOOD THAT MAKES
                      It walks up and down the street;
                      Years after its demise,
                      We have been in hell far too long;
                      Too long that fire taste in our tongue!
                      And now all there is, is little.
                      Like a water turtle
                      We have learnt the survival skills
                      Forgetting our pass breathes
                      The blood that made us, far too long!!
                      And now we have death in our lung.
                      We have forgotten that which is little;
                      At independence, it Start's
                      Six walks later, it dies
                      Just as green and khaki start off strong
                      And decades after six, we are strip to thorns !
                      The whipping continues, cause we know little,
                      Forgetting our blood, we are pounds to the pistol***
                      O our dear ancestors,
                      Can we ever see forgiveness ?
                      Or is it ever going to be the thorns ?
                      We beg!!! For our lungs have melted for long.
                      Don't let us die of bullet's from the pistol 
                      Little we know, we are ready to gain times two !
                      O blood that makes,
                      Lead us back to the cake.

                                                                          Date: 4th OF August 2017

                                                                          Quote : if the pass becomes a stranger, then its value is lost
Latest Update
Coming Soon
blog-post-2

Social Media
Facebook
twitter
Instagram
Check our YouTube Channel Here
Email: folayemiebire@gmail.com
Phone: 08153989413
Designed by Ebire Folayemi Micheal
service-details-3
